te_markdown/terminology.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Overview and Terminology
permalink: /te_markdown/terminology/
---

Test-Editor-Web is a lightweight application for specifying, implementing, and executing user acceptance tests, that lives in your browser. This page provides a high-level [overview](#overview) of its user interface and its central components. If you would rather like to jump right in and try out Test-Editor-Web for yourself, have a look at one of the [quickstart tutorials](/te_markdown/tutorials). If any questions should arise, you may want to come back here to get your bearings by looking at the overview, or look up individual terms in the [glossary](#glossary) further down.

## Overview

![Overview](/images/te.overview.svg?sanitize=true){:class="img-responsive"}

In the screenshot above you can see the different areas of Test-Editor-Web, indicated in yellow.
In the following, each area is briefly described.

### 1. Test Navigator
In this area you can specify the structure of the different test artifacts.
You can create, delete, rename, cut, copy, and paste test artifacts and refresh the workspace.
In addition you can filter the different test-artifacts, so that just the specific test-artifact is visible which was selected.

### 2. Editor Area
This area is the place to write different test artifacts. The editor supports you with a content completion of the different possibilities during typing and saving your test case, e.g. through the shortcut ```STRG + S```.

### 3. Test Step Selector
You can find the different testdriver test steps as an overview in the Test-Step-Selektor area, to define test cases.

### 4. Test Execution Navigator
Here you can excute the chosen test case by clicking the start button on the top left corner of this area. After test execution, the results of the individual test steps are indicated by either green (success) or red (failure) icons. In the latter case, details regarding the cause of the failure can be inspected in the _Test Execution Details_.

### 5. Test Execution Details
In this area, details about the test step selected in the _Test Execution Navigator_ are shown. In case of failures during execution, this area offers hints about what went wrong. The general sequence of events during test execution can be traced by accessing _logs_ and inspecting _screenshots_.


----

## Glossary

* Domain Expert
* Developer
* Test Case Language (TCL)
* Test-Editor-Web
* Test Specification Language (TSL)
* Tester

<!--- TODO: write user-friendly definitions, layout the glossary as definition list with anchors for cross-referencing. The following is an example of how that might look:
<a name="domain-expert"></a>Domain expert
: A stakeholder and probably a user of the system under test, who has a deep understanding of the problem domain. Domain experts specify what they expect the system to do and how it should behave, using the [test specification language (TSL)](#test-specification-language).

<a name="developer"></a>Developer
: TBW

<a name="tester"></a>Tester
: TBW

<a name="test-specification-language"></a>Test Specification Language (TSL)
: TBW
-->

Commit message:

Rephrase test step selector section

te_markdown/terminology.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Overview and Terminology
permalink: /te_markdown/terminology/
---

Test-Editor-Web is a lightweight application for specifying, implementing, and executing user acceptance tests, that lives in your browser. This page provides a high-level [overview](#overview) of its user interface and its central components. If you would rather like to jump right in and try out Test-Editor-Web for yourself, have a look at one of the [quickstart tutorials](/te_markdown/tutorials). If any questions should arise, you may want to come back here to get your bearings by looking at the overview, or look up individual terms in the [glossary](#glossary) further down.

## Overview

![Overview](/images/te.overview.svg?sanitize=true){:class="img-responsive"}

In the screenshot above you can see the different areas of Test-Editor-Web, indicated in yellow.
In the following, each area is briefly described.

### 1. Test Navigator
In this area you can specify the structure of the different test artifacts.
You can create, delete, rename, cut, copy, and paste test artifacts and refresh the workspace.
In addition you can filter the different test-artifacts, so that just the specific test-artifact is visible which was selected.

### 2. Editor Area
This area is the place to write different test artifacts. The editor supports you with a content completion of the different possibilities during typing and saving your test case, e.g. through the shortcut ```STRG + S```.

### 3. Test Step Selector
The Test Step Selector provides you with an overview of the test steps available for defining test cases.

### 4. Test Execution Navigator
Here you can excute the chosen test case by clicking the start button on the top left corner of this area. After test execution, the results of the individual test steps are indicated by either green (success) or red (failure) icons. In the latter case, details regarding the cause of the failure can be inspected in the _Test Execution Details_.

### 5. Test Execution Details
In this area, details about the test step selected in the _Test Execution Navigator_ are shown. In case of failures during execution, this area offers hints about what went wrong. The general sequence of events during test execution can be traced by accessing _logs_ and inspecting _screenshots_.


----

## Glossary

* Domain Expert
* Developer
* Test Case Language (TCL)
* Test-Editor-Web
* Test Specification Language (TSL)
* Tester

<!--- TODO: write user-friendly definitions, layout the glossary as definition list with anchors for cross-referencing. The following is an example of how that might look:
<a name="domain-expert"></a>Domain expert
: A stakeholder and probably a user of the system under test, who has a deep understanding of the problem domain. Domain experts specify what they expect the system to do and how it should behave, using the [test specification language (TSL)](#test-specification-language).

<a name="developer"></a>Developer
: TBW

<a name="tester"></a>Tester
: TBW

<a name="test-specification-language"></a>Test Specification Language (TSL)
: TBW
-->
